Add Advanced GeoIP app listing (#4822)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/apps/advanced-geoip.md

### What are the requirements for this app?

This app requires either PostHog Cloud, or a self-hosted PostHog instance running [version 1.30.0](https://posthog.com/blog/the-posthog-array-1-30-0) or later.

Not running 1.30.0? Find out [how to update your self-hosted PostHog deployment](https://posthog.com/docs/runbook/upgrading-posthog)!

You'll also need to have [the GeoIP Entricher app](/apps/geoip-enrichment) installed. 

### How do I install the Customer.io Connector app?

1. Visit the 'Apps' page in your instance of PostHog.
2. Search for 'Advanced GeoIP' and select the app, press Install.

That's it!

### Is the source code for this app available?

PostHog is open-source and so are all apps on the platform. The [source code for this app](https://github.com/paolodamico/posthog-app-advanced-geoip) is available on GitHub.

### Who created this app?

We'd like to thank former PostHog team member [Paolo D'Amico](https://github.com/paolodamico/) for creating this app. We miss you, Paolo!

### Who maintains this app?

> This app is maintained by the community. If you have issues with the app not functioning as intended, please [raise a bug report](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md) to let us know!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This app is maintained by the community. If you have issues with the app not functioning as intended, please [raise a bug report](https://github.com/paolodamico/posthog-app-advanced-geoip/issues) to let the maintainer of this app know.
```
